Add docs for non-AD desktop access for OSS users (#31915)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/desktop-access/getting-started.mdx

to Windows desktops. This configuration does not require an Active Directory domain.

<Admonition type="note">

> Passwordless access for local users is limited to 5 desktops in open source Teleport.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Passwordless access for local users is limited to 5 desktops Teleport Community Edition.
```

> Passwordless access for local users is limited to 5 desktops Teleport Community Edition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Passwordless access for local users is limited to 5 desktops in Teleport Community Edition.
```

> If you have more than 5 desktops configured using method below in open source Teleport
> you won't be able to connect to any of them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have more than 5 desktops registered using the method below, Teleport
Community Edition will not allow connections to any of them.
```

> Teleport Enterprise users can have unlimited number of desktops.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Teleport Enterprise users can enroll an unlimited number of desktops.
```
